so having a disagreement with other people in the team is common. And
one example I can think of as I was standing, um, the chaplain Corps
duty. We had a death on the base and I was the duty chaplain to respond.
But instead of me necessary responding, I chose to contact their
chaplain and their chaplain would not respond for some reason whether
they were unable to because of location. And so my agreement was
I think that it was appropriate for them to respond because they were
going to deal with the backlash. They were going to deal with the
how that's gonna happen with the family, and I would been there just
for one day and they would never have seen me again. And so there
was a disagreement on who is supposed to respond. And I was trying
Thio look further than just the moment in the one day and trying to
look further down the line of how is this gonna affect it? Long term